Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I want you to come away with me.
I think it would be good just
to get away from all this.
I had a dream about us last night.
That we were married.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Tom Wyatt. Leave me a message.
Hey, hola, muchacho.
Listen, uh...
this is the fourth message
I've left here.
I'm getting a little nervous.
I'm having a little difficulty
getting ahold of our, uh,
our friend south of the border.
As in, "No pesos, no más."
Capiche? All right?
Now, uh, I shouldn't
be worried, should I?
Uh... I mean, I... I mean,
I'm not, I'm not worried.
I'm not worried. Uh... uh...
No, you're probably on vacation, right?
In fact, I think,
I think you said something
about going on vacation.
Yeah. That's actually a good idea.
I think I may, uh...
I may join you on that.
So I will talk to you, uh, later. Bye.
Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck.
Fuck, fuck. Fuck.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck.
Okay. All right.
Can I help you?
Hi, Pete.
This is gonna go a lot easier
if you cooperate.
Okay.
Well, you know who I am,
but I don't know who you are.
Yeah, well, I'm Billy, and this is Patty.
We were Julio Suarez's lawyers.
I'd suggest you start
from the beginning and tell us
every fucking thing you know. Okay?
Loomis is dead, Roman's dead.
You want to be next,
or you want to fucking talk?
Look, man, I-I don't know what...
- who you're talking about. Who?
- Yeah, okay.
Don't bullshit me, motherfucker. Okay?
Either I fucking kill you,
or somebody else is.
I think you know who I'm talking
about, right, motherfucker?
All right, look, I'll... For real, okay?
Totally honest. Real talk.
Okay, yes, I...
All I did was I...
put money in a locker for Keith Roman.
That... so, that...
That's all you did? Real simple, huh?
That's it. Jesus! I was...
I was just a bag boy.
- Start fucking talking.
- Okay. Okay.
Okay. All right, all right.
- Listen, let's... stop it!
- Really?
- Okay, okay, okay.
- I ain't pissed at your car.
- I'm pissed at you, dude.
- Okay.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I'll give you what you want,
but I'm-I'm gonna need full immunity.
All right?
And a, and a couple of other things.
Two...
two things.
Watch your head.
Guy's a real piece of work.
Oh, we know.
His testimony gives us Wyatt
dead to rights
on money laundering, drug trafficking
through Gabriel Ortega's La Mano Cartel.
Name Claudia Quintero
mean anything to you?
- Should it?
- Well, she's a signatory
on all the shell corporations.
We'll look into her.
What about Julio?
Connecting Wyatt to Julio's
death is gonna be a lot harder.
Okay, well, I'll talk to Wyatt
and make the connection.
I'll be picking Wyatt up soon.
Anything that happens
between now and then,
I don't know anything about.
Understood.
You know, Wyatt could be dangerous.
Oh, shit.
One more.
Perfect.
It's completely... incomplete.
Mm.
Patty what's-her-who
really wants to talk to you right now.
Fuck.
Yeah, I should get that.
Okay.
What's up?
Are you with Tom Wyatt?
Yeah, why?
Yeah, um... Okay, what time
does his plane get in?
Okay. Yeah, all right.
I'll, um, I'll call you back
once I get to LAX.
Oh, okay. All right, yeah. Bye.
What's that all about?
Uh, Tom, I'm so sorry.
- Aw.
- I know.
We were gonna have so much fun.
- It's very inconvenient timing.
- I know.
Planes are always late.
We could probably just finish up.
- No, I, um...
- It's okay. It's okay.
But he's... he's about to get in.
Yeah, and he can take a fucking
taxi, like everybody else.
I-I promised that I'd get him.
I forgot.
Everything okay?
No, not really.
Okay.
You hurt my feelings, Brittany.
I-I don't understand.
I think you understand perfectly well.
Tom, honestly, I...
Don't fucking tell me what you
fucking didn't do!
You fucking ruined it!
Okay.
You fucking lied to me.
You tried to get away from me.
Get the fuck out before I get upset.
There are those who will disagree
with the future we see so clearly.
But with every setback,
we will move forward together.
To my community,
to my supporters, tonight...
"One L.A."
That's really fucking funny,
Marisol Silva!
Marisol! Marisol!
Come out here and face me!
She tried to kill my dad, you know that?
I know what you fucking did, you bitch!
You come near my fucking family again,
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
Do you hear me?!
She's a fucking liar!
You don't even fucking know who she is!
Come on out, little jailbird.
Do you hate me?
Of course not, silly. Come on.
- Thanks again, Harper.
- You got it.
Please don't tell Mom.
Who do you think I am?
Why would I do that?
Are you okay?
Hmm?
I feel like a fucking idiot.
Yeah, well, that makes two of us.
I should've known.
Yeah, I know. You said that before.
Once again, that makes two of us.
- Hey, Dad.
- Yeah?
I don't feel good.
Let's go. Come on.
I'm fucked, aren't I?
We are both fucked.
I suppose you are gonna ask me
if it was ever real...
...if I ever loved you.
- Hey.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
Sorry.
Me, too.
You gonna be okay to drive?
Yeah, yeah. I'm fine.
Thanks.
Glad you're okay.
Thanks, Patty.
Okay.
Hey.
You have something of mine.
What are you talking about?
Try again.
I needed it.
Unbelievable.
You know, the last thing
I wanted to believe
is that you would completely
screw me by stealing this.
What, did anyone notice it was gone?
- That's not the point.
- So, what's the point?
What makes you think that
this is all right, Patty?
We hit a dead end with Julio
and you weren't helping us fast enough.
- What was I supposed to do?
- You broke the chain of custody
and you're a smart lawyer,
so you fucking knew that.
I'm sorry that you're hurt, but,
I mean, I would do it again.
You know I could have you arrested?
- Sure, but you won't.
- No.
No, I won't.
I guess you got what you really wanted.
What?
Bye, Patty.
Shit.
I really do appreciate you
staying over here with her.
Of course.
You know, Tom sent me these.
Yeah?
Yeah, you know, the fucked up
thing is I really liked him.
Like, I felt bad for him.
Hmm.
I can never get it right.
Yeah, hardly anyone can.
Hi there.
Hey, how's it going?
Sorry I couldn't find an ashtray.
Hope it's not a family heirloom
or something.
It's a fun little surprise
having you here.
Oh, I don't know if
I'd call it fun or not.
Yeah, I'm not sure, either.
I'm assuming this is about Brittany.
No, it's not.
Okay. You want to be friends?
I had a talk with your business
associate, Pete Oakland.
He gave you up on money
laundering, drug trafficking...
we got you connected
to the La Mano Cartel.
You know, little shit.
He gave us enough to put you
away for quite some time, bud.
That doesn't sound like
little shit, that sounds like...
sounds like big boy stuff right there.
Yeah.
Well, I'm honored that you
think of me that way.
Um... I can assure you,
I'm just a real estate guy.
I'm not a kingpin.
Uh, your friend, Pete, is a dipshit.
His testimony will never hold up
in court.
My lawyers will fucking squash him.
So, unless you have something
legitimate to discuss...
...would you mind getting
the fuck out of my kitchen?
Is conspiracy to commit murder
legitimate enough for you?
And who did I conspire to murder exactly?
You had to get rid of Julio
to cover up all your shit, didn't you?
You think I got rid of...
Come on.
I thought you're supposed to be
this top-tier, hot-shit attorney.
You really don't know?
Well, I watched her work you over.
I knew she could do some gnarly shit.
I didn't realize how gnarly until...
until she gave that order.
Yeah, you should talk
to Marisol about Julio.
You don't want to believe me,
but you do 'cause it makes sense.
Politician, have to clean up her shit.
I'm really sorry, bud.
I honestly thought
you were smarter than that,
but I guess, um...
I guess love really is blind.
Well, here's something you don't know.
Yeah? What's that?
Your other business partner,
Gabriel Ortega,
that's her brother.
Fuck you. Who told you that?
He did.
Looks like we both got played.
The only difference is
I'm not going to prison.
That will give you
plenty of time to jerk off.
Might even have some help.
So I'll get the fuck out of your kitchen.
Jesus, you're the one
that introduced Tom to La Mano.
Through a friend of a friend.
I-I... I don't know the guy at all.
And I never would've been involved
with anything like this.
All I did was arrange for you to meet.
I don't know her.
I've never met her before.
You have a relationship with
her, and we need her happy.
Hi. You've reached Marisol Silva.
- Fucking pick up. Come on.
- Please leave a message.
Hi. You've reached Marisol Silva.
Pick up. Don't you fucking dodge me. Hey!
Hey! You're avoiding me.
That's a bad fucking move!
Yeah, I know about you
and your brother Gabriel, huh?
Yeah, you didn't think
I'd know about that, did you?
Well, guess what?
After everything I did for you,
you're gonna fuck me over?
I don't think so.
You're not as safe
as you think you are, okay?
Enjoy City Hall. It's not gonna
last fucking long.
Fuck!
Fuck.
Hey, is that her?
Elena. Hey.
I'm Billy McBride.
My daughter Denise worked
the campaign with you.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Um, this is Patty. Sorry.
- I'm Patty Solis-Papagian, hi.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm right in the middle of a...
No, no. Hang on just a second.
Denise was real fond of you.
She talked about you all the time.
- She said you're a great person.
- She's lovely.
Yeah, she's a great girl, right.
Anyway, she told me
you were fired. Is that right?
No, I got another job opportunity.
We need information
on Marisol Silva, that's why we're here.
I can't help you.
You don't even know what
I'm gonna ask you yet, so...
What happened to your face?
I tripped.
So they got to you.
Look, we can offer you protection
if you give us some information.
Please. I don't want any part of this.
Elena. Elena.
Please. Will you, will you
just hear me out?
I know you want to help us,
and we can really use it,
so, please, anything you have.
I'll tell you this,
Marisol isn't who she says she is.
Her real name is Claudia Quintero.
Wait, wait, wait. How do you know that?
Talk to Sister Maria Isabella
at the church in Marisol's hometown.
And if anyone asks, I will deny
ever having this conversation.
Do not talk to me again.
Excuse me, do you speak English?
- Yes, a-a-a little.
- Okay.
- Are you Sister Maria Isabella?
- No.
Do you know where she is?
S-Sister Maria Isabella
is, um, desaparecido.
Gone.
Do you know the name Claudia Quintero?
- No.
- Well, can we at least look
at your parishioner records,
or baptism records,
- anything like that?
- No, no.
No. Why? Why not?
It's destroyed.
How you doing? I need to talk to Gabriel.
Nobody by that name lives here.
Yeah, Gabriel.
That's it... I was just here.
I'm sorry, senor.
I don't know you.
Yeah, you do.
I'm sorry, senor.
Who are you?
Who is this?
Look, I need to talk to Gabriel.
That's all. Please.
Who?
Gabriel Ortega, the guy who lives here.
White suit, beard, that guy.
I don't know what your problem is,
but I've lived here for ten years.
Yeah, well, my problem is,
I need to talk to Gabriel
and for some reason,
you're not letting me.
No, no. I-I need to talk to Gabriel.
Hang on a second.
Hey, buddy. Eduardo, right?
No.
Yeah, Eduardo. You remember me, right?
With Gabriel?
Gabriel.
- Hmm. Quien?
- Gabriel, your boss.
El jefe. The guy who whacked
your rig off there.
And he was seeing if it was okay.
Remember? He was looking at your arm.
No. No.
Where's Gabriel, dude?
Cut the bullshit.
You speak English, right?
- You speak English?
- No.
- Ugh. Let's go. Come on.
- You're lying to me.
How many fucking guys have one
hand out here doing this shit?
I'm telling you, this...
everything about this,
this place. Eduardo.
- He looked. I'm telling you.
- He didn't look. He didn't look.
- The son of a bitch looked at me.
- He didn't look at you.
Ugh.
This is Elena.
Elena, hi. It's Billy McBride.
Listen, I really need your help.
I don't know a Billy McBride.
Don't call back.
I want you to tell me that you love me.
I suppose you are gonna ask me
if it was ever real...
...if I ever loved you.
- Hey, there.
- Hi.
- Is Anita here yet?
- Uh, five minutes late.
All right, um, push Lou
15 minutes and then...
- Tom Wyatt?
- Uh, yeah.
We have a warrant for your arrest.
- Oh, cool.
- On the car.
- Whoa. On the car, okay.
- I'll call your lawyer.
Yeah, call Roger. He'll get me
out of this real quick.
I'll be back before you miss me.
I'm gonna go have one.
- I'll-I'll see you.
- Okay.
- Hey, Patty.
- Yeah?
Listen.
You know, uh...
Yeah.
Hey. That's a good sign.
- Could be temporary, but...
- Eh.
Yeah.
With Patty, you got to take
what you can get.
We're here for Tom Wyatt.
He's under arrest. Which way?
You already arrested him.
What?
When Alo became popular...
well, everything changed for our family.
We were no longer poor.
And it was my father who started
shipping Alo internationally.
It wasn't long after that he was
approached by a friend who,
well, he had some ties
to the cartel. And...
Before we make this business official,
I would like to show you something.
Please come with me.
Please.
Hey.
What happened? I thought
I was getting arrested.
You're doing very well, Tom.
Thanks to you.
- You saved my ass, pal.
- Yeah.
What's wrong with him?
Given time,
a man can get used to almost anything.
Oh, shit.
What'd you do? You stole...
Look at me.
Ah. Do-do I still have my dick?
Oh, please, Tom. I'm not a monster.
- Yeah!
- Not a monster, Tom. Yes.
But, Tom, I know
- how much you love to talk.
- I look so good.
So, unfortunately,
you're not gonna get used
to losing your tongue.
You don't have to take my tongue.
- Mm-hmm.
- I won't. I... you're my friend.
I'm not gonna talk. Look, I'll zip it.
I'll zip it right up.
I pro... hey, hey. I cross my heart.
Oh, don't you lack the means to do so?
- That's funny.
- Mm-hmm.
- You're funny.
- Open up.
- You-You-You're a good friend.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay. Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
- All right, Tom.
No.
No, no. No.
There you go. There you go.
Hey, stranger.
Why here?
'Cause I want to show you something.
Uh, you don't...
Thank you.
Congratulations.
You won, honey.
You see that?
It's all yours.
All those things you told me
you wanted to do for this place,
I hope you do them.
I really do.
I hope you're a huge success.
I suppose you are...
gonna ask me if it was ever real,
if I ever loved you.
I never did.
What you did to me...
or what you tried to do to me...
and what you did to Julio...
...I really hope
that at the end of the night
when you lay your head on the pillow,
that the last image you see
is that kid hanging
from that fucking cord.
Thank you for the wishes.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org